docker-network: add page (#4633)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/docker-network.md

# docker network

> Create and manage docker network.
> More information: <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/network/>.

- List all available and configured networks on docker daemon:

`docker network ls`

> - Create user defined network:

Reviewer: Why `user defined`?
```suggestion
- Create a network:
```

Author: @navarroaxel, `user defined` is because docker comes with a default bridge network as well.

Reviewer: Ok @Gau02, then:
```suggestion
- Create a user defined network:
```

`docker network create --driver {{driver_name}} {{network_name}}`

> - Display detailed information on one or more networks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display detailed information of a space-separated list of networks:
```

`docker network inspect {{network_name}}`

> - Connect a container to a network:

Reviewer: Based on `docker-inspect` page:
```suggestion
- Connect a container to a network using a name or ID:
```

> `docker network connect {{network_name}} {{container_name/id}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker network connect {{network_name}} {{container_name|ID}}`
```

> - Disconnect a container from a network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disconnect a container from a network using a name or ID:
```

Author: @navarroaxel, I guess `using a name or ID` is not required as it is a default understanding for each command. but, if you require it, we need to add it after each command information as each command has operation on network.

> `docker network disconnect {{network_name}} {{container_name/id}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker network disconnect {{network_name}} {{container_name|ID}}`
```

> - Remove one or more networks in docker daemon:

Reviewer: Should be disconnected from any container before `rm`?
```suggestion
- Remove a space-separated list of networks:
```

Author: Yes. Should be disconnected from container before `rm` but docker gives you this detail if you try to remove network which is connected to containers and does not allow to remove it.

@navarroaxel, How about mentioning ` Remove one or more space-separated networks in docker daemon`?

Reviewer: Based on `docker` page, the `docker rm` example. Maybe you can move the `prune` example above this and just say:
```suggestion
- Remove a space-separated list of unused networks:
```

> - Remove a space-separated list of unused(not referenced with any container) networks:

Reviewer: :thinking:  I think `by` is the correct connector:
```suggestion
- Remove a space-separated list of unused (not referenced by any container) networks:
```

`docker network rm {{network_name}}`

> - Remove all unused(not referenced by any container) networks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove all unused (not referenced by any container) networks:
```

> - Remove a space-separated list of networks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove a space-separated list of unused networks:
```
